had I looked in the window sooner and
been able to see Oswald in my eagerness
and haste to get to a phone would I have
even stopped that day that time that
sound that first sound was so enormous
and then what followed was so fast and
yet I can remember to this day all of it
I do not believe that any of us would
exchange places with any other people or
any other generation the energy the
faith the devotion which we bring to
this endeavor will light our country and
all Kennedy to me it was a different
breed of politician and I thought he had
uncommon skills so as a as a politician
I thought he was a cut above I thought
he was probably one of the more gifted
political actors to appear on the scene
in some time
I think the Kennedys represented hope
promise
and I think it was the abrupt loss of
what might have been that caused
everyone to react the way they did
now watch the arrival at Love Field it
may they got down from the plane he
ignored the guidelines on the term act
that him it taped off went to the fence
because that's where the people were and
he started shaking hands and I'm sitting
in the studio watching that thinking
that guy is just incredibly natural and
he took the bubble top off told the
Secret Service guys not to walk not to
get on the running board of the car
where they were supposed to he wanted
people to feel that he was you know
approachable after watching all this
thought hey yeah I think I'll walk over
and watch part of the motorcade I had
been looking up at all the rooftops and
all the open windows I was standing in
front near the street near the curb and
didn't have long to wait here came the
motorcade I was just struck by the
President and mrs. Kennedy they just
were so attractive and I was so carried
away I think I hollered out something
like hey welcome to Dallas mr. president
and they turned the corner and
boom everything then is happening in
split seconds because my first reaction
was that that's not a shot you know not
in my hometown then and I turn in city
you know that's a firecracker boom the
next sound it registered yes those are
shots and on the second shot it was
almost a a twitch and Jackie screamed oh
my god without any interval almost boom
third shot Kennedy then had a violent
violent reaction to that sound and
Jackie started up out of the back seat
and and was crawling trying to get over
to the back of the car and that's when
this Secret Service guy ran right in
front and came over the left rear fender
of the limo and he pushed them down and
started screaming yo go go go on the
third shot everyone sort of scattered
towards the triple underpass when it
penetrates your consciousness that that
is a shot and you realize they're not
just shooting at another human being but
you know the president it's a it's a
sense of total unreality this can't be
happening not here immediately
afterwards I saw this and I've got to
I've got to report it I've got to get to
a phone
the only thing I could think I would be
in the depository building at first I
ran across the street and I've seen this
young couple over there and they had
gone to the ground and I stopped and
said are you okay
and he rolled over and he looked up and
he said yeah but they got the president
they blew the side of his head in ran
down the sidewalk and up the steps to
the door of the depository building and
it was a guy standing in the doorway the
door was sort of sort of half open and I
ran up and asked where a phone was and
he jerked his thumb he said in there I
brushed by him and and grabbed the only
phone in the lobby and called into the
station I looked around and I'm the only
one there the only one on my phone so I
just stayed and then would turn around
and watch and listen to what was going
on which was chaos they had found the
shell casings on the 6th floor then a
guy came down holding the rifle they had
found the actual spot from where it had
been fired so I ran back to the studio
walked in and the first thing I asked
was is the president dead I said yes
about three weeks later the Secret
Service called said they'd like to visit
they started by asking where I was
standing where I ran and when I went up
to the door tell me about the guy
standing there
what were his gestures what were your
gestures what did he say what did you
say and we went through this several
times and he finally said are you
familiar with the testimony of Lee
Oswald after his arrest he states that
as he was leaving the depository
building
a young man with a crew-cut rushed up
identified himself as a newsman and
asked for a phone was this is obviously
you the irony of it was just extremely
bizarre because within an hour ahead of
the assassination of the associate was
born the assassin himself was killed and
the truth dies with him it has become
part of my life I baby dreamed about
that a couple of times he's there and
I'm in a hurry but I stopped
and trying to remember where I've seen
him and then disappears